enhance docs for appsync (#782)
localstack/docs: content/en/user-guide/aws/appsync/index.md

        }
    }
}
```

## GraphQL Resolvers

> These resolver types are available in [AppSync](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/appsync/latest/devguide/tutorials.html) and can be configured to interact with various data sources and services. LocalStack Pro supports the following resolver types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These data sources are available in [AppSync](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/appsync/latest/devguide/tutorials.html) and can be configured to interact with various AWS and external services. LocalStack Pro supports the following data source types:
```

> | Resolver Type         | Description                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Data source         | Description                                                            |
```
